Component: Application State (#1258)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/application-state/index.md

---
title: Application State
description: An informational element that displays the current state of the application.
caption: An informational element that displays the current state of the application.
status: released
links:
  figma: https://www.figma.com/file/noyY6dUMDYjmySpHcMjhkN/HDS-Product---Components?node-id=31113-50004
  github: https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/tree/main/packages/components/addon/components/hds/application-state
previewImage: assets/illustrations/components/application-state.jpg
navigation:
  keywords: ['empty state', 'error state', 'message']
---

<section data-tab="Guidelines">

>   @include "partials/guidelines/overview.md"

Reviewer: @MelSumner This should've stayed "guidelines," which aligns with the structure used in the rest of the component's documentation. Some pages have both "overview" and "guidelines"; some just have "guidelines."

_This suggestion would require that the file name is also fixed._
```suggestion
  @include "partials/guidelines/guidelines.md"
```

Author: @heatherlarsen The build fails when it was guidelines, but built successfully when I changed it to overview. I looked through the existing docs, and I see it both ways (I found a component that only had guidelines, another that only had overview), so maybe it's a Vercel thing. cc'ing @Dhaulagiri in case he has any insight here.

Reviewer: @MelSumner Can you let me know which one only has overview? It's incorrect, if so.

Author: Must have just been a weird cache issue or off day for vercel. Reverted the change and everything is working as expected.

---
title: Application State

> description: Use the ApplicationState to provide information about the current state of the application.
> caption: Use the ApplicationState to provide information about the current state of the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: An informational element that displays the current state of the application.
caption: An informational element that displays the current state of the application.
```

status: released
links:
  figma: https://www.figma.com/file/noyY6dUMDYjmySpHcMjhkN/branch/2lNa9Qe4UuF4yN8gcR7Fkp/HDS-Product---Components?node-id=31113%3A50004&t=AgcOxZqO6FWFkdcD-1
  github: https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/tree/main/packages/components/addon/components/hds/application-state
previewImage: assets/illustrations/components/application-state.jpg
navigation:
  keywords: ['empty state', 'error state', 'application state', 'message']
---

<section data-tab="Guidelines">

>   @include "partials/guidelines/overview.md"

Reviewer: @andgen404 like this 🙂 

```suggestion
  <!-- @include "partials/guidelines/overview.md" -->
```

Author: Removed the file and reference to it 👍
